Contribution Statement:

B00144987 Russel Navarro:
For this project I have done the following tasks:
1. Paid for an asset for the player model as it was hard to find a free Kangaroo Model in the Asset Store.
2. Coded the 'PlayerController' script to use, user input control for the arrow keys to control the player. It also has
   attributes for when you step on the death trigger it will trigger the game over message if the tag of the component
   is found.
3. Coded the 'LevelManager' script that controls the behaviour of the world. (For example when you hop more lanes it 
   will create more lanes), It also displays the game over message using the legacy Text Mesh and reload the scene 
   again after the game over message is displayed using the Scene Manager.
4. Coded the 'CreateLevels' script that controls the world that if you launch the game, it will randomise and create
   the few lanes that is in the prefab.
5. Coded the 'NumberedLanes' so that it indexes which lane wheter if it is a road or a water lane or just the sand lane
   and this is used for the component to number them in the lanes prefabs.
6. Coded the 'SpawnObjects' script that controls both static and moving objects in the world. It will randomise which
   object will spawn every time the game is launched. 
7. Made a wooden plank prefab using the cube and changing the scaling to it. I also made a custom material that matches the
   colour of a wooden plank using the RGB color space.
8. Made some other colour materials for the world using the RGB color space.

Signed: Russel Navarro, B00144987. 



B00144376 Chris Ogungbe:
1.Designed the map added the Catus"s Sandlanes Try to make the Map look as much as a Dessert Terrain added the lighting.
2.Coded the 'FollowPlayer' Script Which Allow the camera to Moves With the Kangaroo  Every Hop 
3.Added Sound to the Project Old Western Music. 
4.Designed the main Menu for KangaHop.
5.Added the Sound to the main Menu.
6.Added the Materials to the project Deserrt Sand ,Water  Road, and Wood

Signed: Chris Ogungbe B00144376
 

